[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today
on Cosmic Disclosure,
we are talking about non-local
travel with Randy Veitenheimer.
Randy is an explorer
and a researcher
of human consciousness
and existence.
He also is a mentor
and colleague
of mine for many years.
Randy, welcome to the show.
>>RANDY VEITENHEIMER:
Good to see you, Emery.
>>EMERY: So what is
non-local travel?
>>RANDY: Non-local travel means
that you're not in, number one,
reality.
And that gets into
defining what reality is.
What I did to be able
to understand this was I
aspected reality in
space and in time.
So I basically delineated space
into eight aspects and time
into about 19.
And there's reasons for that.
But we won't get into those.
But also, the
reciprocal of those.
So there's kind of like
eight positive spaces, eight
negative spaces.
Same thing on time, there's
time and negative time.
So that was one.
Number two, when I
started looking at that,
I was driving one day.
And I started
figuring out, well,
how many dimensions of space
am I traveling through.
Well, I already had that answer
of eight dimensions of space.
And then I thought about, well,
what if I cut some of those
out.
And here we go.
So to test this theory
out, one night I
was going to visit my daughter.
She lived 408 miles away.
And I was in a car.
And I left Oklahoma City
to drive to Shreveport,
and drive through
Dallas to Shreveport.
I called her at 7:14, and
I arrived in Shreveport
at 11:14 or 11:15.
It was four hours and
one or two minutes later.
Now, driving a car 400
miles through that traffic
and on that route is impossible.
>>EMERY: That's impossible.
>>RANDY: It's just impossible.
>>EMERY: Yeah, I've
done that route.
>>RANDY: Right.
And so, on the way back,
I didn't do what I did.
And it took the normal eight
hours or whatever of travel
to return.
And so I started
playing with that.
And I found that I
could shorten times.
And you're not
shortening the distance.
It's a really strange phenomena.
But it plays into
some other things
we're going to talk about.
And then, I went
to Sedona one time.
And I had somebody with me.
So I want to make sure
it wasn't just me.
And so her car got like
300 miles to a tank.
She knew this car
and everything.
We were driving from
Sedona back to Oklahoma.
And I was explaining it to her.
And she goes,
that's not possible.
And I said, well,
let's just find out.
So when we got to
Albuquerque, which
is 258 miles or something, she
had about 5/8 of a tank of gas.
And then, I had a
physicist friend,
he said, you can't do that.
It goes against the laws
of conservation of energy
and a few other things.
And I said, who's laws, right/
And so that's the problem.
We have laws of physics that
say you can't do things when
those things are being done.
>>EMERY: How do we explain
that to the audience,
because I've been there myself.
You've trained me on this.
Usually during
emergency situation
or if I'm late for
work or something,
I'm really upset,
is where I can--
it usually just comes about.
But what's actually happening
to you, and the vehicle,
and your passenger?
>>RANDY: Well, a
couple of things.
Number one, you're not affecting
the local spacetime just
for yourself.
You're actually-- the car and
everything else is moving,
we'll call it, or
the universe is
moving in the reverse, whichever
way you want to look at it.
And so I would do it.
And it's kind of
like, blink your eyes
and I would be 200
miles down the road.
And so I explored it
from a mathematical point
and figured out I could
make an algorithm.
And I could create
a small device.
And that it would
play the algorithm.
And we could transition
space and not
have to go through all of it.
We're so condition
that you have to go
through feet and inches, feet
and miles, things like that.
So anyway, that's something
that I've played with
and have some diagrams for.
>>EMERY: What's going on with
the vehicles around you though?
>>RANDY: That's what's
interesting is you don't
notice anything particularly.
It's kind of like
you're driving,
you see the road ahead,
and then you're driving,
you see the road ahead, but
you're not in the same place.
>>EMERY: Exactly, right.
Do they do they see
anything, though?
If there were--
>>RANDY: I haven't
looked at that.
>>EMERY: I haven't either, yeah.
>>RANDY: But one of the
things was, this is private.
I taught it to the
physicist friend of mine.
And he went to Denver.
And it's a 10 hour drive
for what he was doing.
And he goes, I'm
going to try it.
And on the way back, it took
him five hours or six hours
to get there.
So I can get about 33%
to 38% improvement.
I haven't pushed it.
But that's something that
could be explored, because it's
just entertainment right now.
But he calls me
up, says it works.
I'm not doing it again
because it gave me a headache.
So I never experience
any headache or anything,
but time dislocation can kind
of make you a little wobbly when
you come out of it.
I've never experienced
that, but I've heard it.
And then, what's interesting
is, several years later, I
was studying with Dr.
David Hawkins in Sedona.
And he goes, you know,
space is not what we think.
And we can travel from--
and he laid the whole thing out.
And he said, I was driving
down the road one night.
And like, I left Phoenix
and five minutes later, I
was in Sedona.
>>EMERY: Can you explain in
detail how you prep for jump?
>>RANDY: No, it's
using your mind
to actually interact with the
universe in a focused, directed
consciousness way.
Everybody talks about
being conscious or raising
their consciousness.
And it literally
becomes more can you
focus your consciousness?
Can you become one minded as
the old zen term's for this.
And at that point, you can
start affecting reality.
I mean, everybody talks
about, like, oh, you
can create reality.
No, you can't.
You don't have the energy.
You don't have the
focus, the concentration.
I mean, I go down a whole list.
I did a little video on YouTube.
And it said, you left
these seven things out.
And everybody that
talks about it
leaves those seven things out.
But if you kind of practice
those, you would get to a point
where you probably could
create some portion
of your own reality.
>>EMERY: I basically just
focus just for a few minutes
and then I'm there.
It's pretty quick for me.
It took me a long time
though to get there.
And then it just
happened naturally
when I really
needed it, you know.
Like you said, it's just
for entertainment now.
Or for me, I use
it for emergencies.
>>RANDY: Yes, because there's
no authority you could go to
and say, hey, look at me.
Look what I can do.
Yeah, it's kind of
like a circus trick.
But the thing is,
it gives us an ideal
that everything from the reality
we experience, to propulsion
systems, that maybe they're not
all playing in the right, area
or the right dimensions, or
whichever aspects of space
and time you want to use.
And just to open
that conversation
opens up a whole
lot of potential.
>>EMERY: Randy, moving
through dimensional space,
what is that like?
>>RANDY: Non-conscious,
that would be
the easiest way to explain it.
And it also applies
to the phenomena
of practicing this
little trick or whatever
you want to call it.
One of the things
that happens is
you're sitting here, right here,
and if you were immediately
in, say a room down the
hall practicing this,
you would experience
no transition.
And one of the
things that happened
one of the first
times I did it is
that there is some sense
that something's changed.
But you don't go
from here to there.
That goes out the window.
You go from here to here.
And the distance between here
and here has been altered.
Or you have altered
it, or space--
the language falls apart in it.
That's the easiest
way to explain it.
But basically, you're not
transitioning through one inch,
one foot, one mile, all that.
You're going, I'm here,
and then I'm there.
Another explanation I came
up with was a phenomena,
we'll say in quantum physics, if
I leave Denver to go to Dallas,
I'm 100% here and
I'm in 0% in Dallas.
And we would think that
the transition would
occur mechanically, like 99,
and Dallas would go up to 2.
And then we would be
100% there and 100% here.
It's not true.
So part of the work I did in
exploring this was that when
you leave Denver to go to
Dallas by your intention--
here we go with that again--
but also with your action
and the amount of energy--
remember the car, plane,
or whatever you're on--
is that, at some point
20, 30, 40 miles out,
you're like 30%
or 40% in Dallas.
You have increased
your quantum potential
to be in Dallas far beyond
where your location is.
And that's the phenomena
I was taking advantage
of is that I could
step out there,
and I could put myself at
80% in Dallas, 90% in Dallas,
while the intervening
distance would shrink,
or go away, or not exist.
I mean, like I said,
the language goes crazy.
>>EMERY: Yeah, it does.
But you're already there.
>>RANDY: Yes.
>>EMERY: See, and that's what
I think when I go somewhere.
I'm already there.
And that's how I
cut for that gap.
>>RANDY: Yes.
>>EMERY: And like you
said, it has nothing
to do with a measurement.
>>RANDY: Right.
>>EMERY: Because you've
already intended to be there.
>>RANDY: Well, and you have
also manipulated the spacetime
or the fabric, or the--
I mean, we'd have to sit
down and write it all out.
But basically, it's
just a phenomena.
And you can experience it.
And that's what I was showing
my friend, when we drove,
is that it wasn't just me.
I wasn't the only one
hallucinating that we had
driven 300 miles with no gas.
It's like, when you
put gas in the tank
and it takes two gallons to
get from Sedona to Albuquerque
is like there's
something going on.
And I love science.
They'd go, well,
how did you do that?
And I go, well, you explain it.
Because they don't have any
language for it either, right?
>>EMERY: There's
no language for it.
>>RANDY: So that's where we
get experiential knowledge is
I have experiential
knowledge of that.
The doctor-- physicist
friend of mine, he has it.
You have it.
Dr. Hawkins has it.
Other people have
explained it, where
they've woken up somewhere
other than where they started.
And so it's something,
like I said,
I finally did enough
research on it
to put it into a little device.
But I've not manufactured it.
>>EMERY: Well,
that's interesting.
That's a great definition
for non-locality.
What about the portals though?
You know, we're talking about--
you've heard about
this in the projects.
Of course, it's all
over the movies.
And there are some
people talking
about the difference between
portals, and black holes,
and all these different things.
Let's talk specifically
about portals.
What do you know about these?
>>RANDY: Well, you and I
both have been around some.
>>EMERY: Just a couple.
>>RANDY: And yeah, to
me, they're entertaining.
I mean, you know,
like the two-for-one
we were playing with.
I really had fun
with the portal.
>>EMERY: That was
the best time ever.
>>RANDY: You all
were laughing at me
because I'd walk
forward 12 steps,
and walk backwards 12 steps,
and walk forward 12 steps,
and I'd stop in the middle.
And there was actually a breeze.
>>EMERY: Yes, I remember.
>>RANDY: Now, 12 steps on
either end, there's no breeze.
>>EMERY: Nothing.
>>RANDY: But you could
stop in the middle,
and you could see your
hair blow and feel that.
And so if we look at
the portal as a marker,
you know, now we can ask
it at any time in history,
due to fluctuations in
spacetime, was it also a gate?
And if it was a
gate, then we could
speculate that maybe
there's a reason that it
goes back 18,000 years minimum.
Maybe we can explain why there's
structures, and sarcophagus,
and equipment that has no
relation to anything we know.
But it could relate to that
portal being much larger
and much having a greater
transference capacity.
And that's why--
>>EMERY: I thought maybe it
was the top of the portal
and the other part was
under the ground possibly.
>>RANDY: That could be true too.
>>EMERY: What else
did you experience
why you were in the
portal, besides the wind
and, you know, it was very
misty in that one area, foggy.
>>RANDY: Well, all
direction is gone.
>>EMERY: Right, yes.
>>RANDY: I mean,
I had a compass.
I'd walk out, OK, I want
to walk 12 steps forward.
And I'm walking due west.
And I would get to 12 steps,
and no change of anything,
and I would be facing
north-northwest.
Or I'd be facing
south-southwest,
depending on which
way I went into it
and which way I walk
backwards in it.
So when you're
walking through it,
remember when we talked
about driving down the road
and losing 100 miles.
>>EMERY: So just like that.
>>RANDY: There's just a
little bit of a shift, yeah.
>>EMERY: But it's only
within like 12, 24 inches.
>>RANDY: Yeah.
>>EMERY: It's a very-- so it's
actually the width of my feet.
>>RANDY: Right.
>>EMERY: 3 feet--
less than 3 feet.
>>RANDY: And so
there is a little bit
of a blurring or something.
And of course, this
transdimensional travel.
And if I said, well,
before I walked
through that little
area, I was here.
And when I got to the
other side, I was here.
But during those 12 steps, I
can't tell you if I was here.
I couldn't tell you where I
was, because all your senses--
even your magnetic
sense is gone.
Like, right in the middle,
you couldn't tell which
direction is which direction.
You literally couldn't
tell which was up or down.
>>EMERY: Right.
Tell us about your mind and
thoughts while you're in there.
>>RANDY: Well, I just thought
it was the funniest thing
in the world, man.
>>EMERY: You're like a
little kid at the park there.
>>RANDY: Yeah, I was
having a great time.
And of course, laughter
is also a symptom of fear,
because it's the unknown.
So places like that--
people don't realize the
reality of the Southwest--
and I grew up way, way on the
middle of nowhere in Arizona
as a kid and in New Mexico--
and the reality of
those places is not
the reality of the rest of
humanity in the United States.
The things that go
on at night out there
are of much more of
a spiritual nature.
It's much more of a population.
I mean, there, is all
kinds of things going on.
The desert is not
quiet at night.
And I don't mean that from
a physical, hearing sound.
>>EMERY: From a
transdimensional ---
>>RANDY: From a
transdimensional realm,
there's a party going is
the way I describe it.
And I think you see this
reflected in the Hopi
culture and some of
the others, where
they're trying to describe
the "kachina" or whatever--
>>EMERY: "Kachina."
>>RANDY:
--pronunciation you use,
that they're trying
to bring into reality
what they're seeing.
And it's not crude.
It's not unrepresentative art.
And not only that,
they're trying
to bring in the aspects
and the information
that that entity, or that
particular doll, or whatever--
>>EMERY: That ET astronaut.
>>RANDY: Right.
They're trying to bring that
information into it too.
And they're trying to bring
it in from a culture that's
thousands of years old.
And so, you know, the American
people tend to look at it
and go, oh, yeah,
what a pretty object.
And to them, it's
much, much, more.
It's a portal in itself.
>>EMERY: I would think,
because of all the native stuff
we found near the portal area,
that maybe these beings were
utilizing this portal to come
in and out of and converse
or communicate with
these ancient tribes.
>>RANDY: Well, and that
fits our mythology.
Our mythology is that we did
converse with the Star People,
that they did show up.
And then, you could say,
well, they came here in craft.
Or you could say, they just
walked out of a portal.
And of course, that
fits with our mythology.
And of course, then science
says that that's not real
because we can't do it.
And that's their metric.
If I can't do it, it's not real.
>>EMERY: Is there a difference
between a man-made portal
and a natural portal?
>>RANDY: There would be
a quality difference.
It gets into calibration.
>>EMERY: Yes.
>>RANDY: A natural
portal, like when
we were walking through,
you don't really
have the experience
of anything--
like, say, a little prismatic
effect or a little fogginess,
or fading out of the
reality and fading back in,
or snapping back in.
But on a man-made,
you're loading up
the field with energy.
And I think this
is things like HARP
and a bunch of other
experiments they've done,
everything since the
Philadelphia Experiment.
But Tesla was playing with it.
And nobody knows where
that research went.
But I think that
certainly there's
a qualitative difference
to those fields.
>>EMERY: Where are these
natural portals located?
Is there a way to
find these portals?
Or you know, we
were on missions.
And we just happened to
stumble upon this one.
>>RANDY: Right, right.
>>EMERY: Are there
ways to locate--
>>RANDY: Well, you have
to go through history.
I love everybody
plays with pyramids.
They'll give you all
kinds of information.
But they never tell you
that the red granite
and the water
underneath it creates
an electromagnetic reaction.
So the pyramid is one thing.
And the base that sits on, the
red granite, and then the water
aquifer underneath it.
Now you have a battery,
is what it amounts to.
You have the ability
to discharge energy.
And I've talked to people
that use pyramid stuff.
And it makes one go
like, well, you don't
have the complete picture.
You don't have the
complete thing.
But they have something.
So that's thousands years ago.
Now let's go to the Spanish.
They would go wandering around--
and we don't know other than
a little magnetic needle--
but they would wander around
till they find these portals
because they were markers,
kind of like a landmark.
So we would go from mountain
to stream or whatever
as landmarks.
They could go portal to portal.
And so the tendency was that
wherever there was a portal,
they would be active in mining
or colonization or something.
Later we have that language,
well, it's ley lines.
Well, it's not exactly, right?
But ley lines would
represent energy flows
that are, say, non-local.
And so you combine all that.
And you can find through history
these things will happen.
One of my physicist friends,
we were wrestling around
with something one day.
And he goes, well, you know,
the Earth's magnetic field
and the moon's magnetic
field interact.
And I go, yeah, so what?
And he goes, no.
He says, theoretically,
at certain times,
you would have a spot wandering
around the Earth which
was null gravity.
He said, you'd just
instantly be out in space.
And he goes, we have
all those reports
of people disappearing and
stuff and ships disappearing.
And I thought about that.
And I go, well, that
makes a lot of sense.
If you had some
sort of lensing--
gravitational lensing occur
between the Earth and the Moon,
yeah, so you could be
walking along and be--
>>EMERY: That's a focused point.
>>RANDY: --a million
miles out in space.
So that's another portal, OK?
And it's a gravitational
interaction.
>>EMERY: Are they tracking this
all the time/ Or is that just,
someone did just a few times.
>>RANDY: You know, he and I
had that conversation in 1974.
And you know, here
it is 34 years later.
I've never heard
anybody talk about it.
And the same thing, like, you
find portals like we found,
there's more.
Every state, I mean,
New Mexico has about 10,
Oklahoma has four.
But what's that about?
I don't know.
Texas has one, maybe it's
the underlying strata.
I mean--
>>EMERY: I think it's the
underlying strata, for sure.
>>RANDY: Right.
Colorado has about 30.
So they exist here.
And then, if you go
looking at Spanish history,
well, look where they went.
And you see where they
concentrated their efforts.
And for some reason,
it's part of their mythos
or part of their
technology that they use.
And they would use it to locate,
like I say, their gold mines
or their settlements
and things like that.
>>EMERY: How could we use it
today, these natural ones?
Or is it too dangerous?
>>RANDY: I don't think
they're dangerous,
except that they can cause
kind of like a bi-location
of consciousness.
And I would say that your
consciousness while you're
in the middle of it,
is not the same as when
you're on either side.
>>EMERY: And for our audience,
explain the bi-location--
bi-locating.
>>RANDY: Well, it's the same
phenomena of like, I'm here
and I'm headed to Dallas.
I'm not here, and I'm
not in Dallas, right?
And I'll use mile
markers, right?
What mile marker are you at?
And you could say, well, I'm
30 miles outside of Denver.
But in some sort of
reality I'm 120 miles.
And that's the
phenomena of being
able to go from here to there.
And that's why I kind
of maxed out at 38%
on being able to compress
that timeline on it
by getting rid of the spatial
dimensions in between.
>>EMERY: So this
is the non-local.
We're not talking physical,
so the audience knows,
we're talking about
you're in two spots
at one time in the transition.
>>RANDY: Right, you're
in the transition phase.
>>EMERY: Yeah.
>>RANDY: And that's
why I say, you know,
one of the things
about our colleges,
they don't teach
transitional physics.
This is transitional physics.
And when we talk
about portals, we
may be talking
transformation physics.
And that's a whole
other subject.
One of the things
I'd be curious about
is in those portal
states, or while you're
in the portal itself--
which is, there's
no time apparently--
that that's negated.
Well, that would be something
to study and figure out.
>>EMERY: So, Randy, what
but the surrounding space,
and the vehicle itself,
and your passengers,
and the gas in the car?
You know, explain
that whole concept
when you go through this.
>>RANDY: So apparently,
it's how much you encompass.
And you know, one
of the things I
say is you're supposed to
have about a 9 foot energy
field as a minimum.
But apparently,
somewhere just outside
of the car, and let's see,
maybe a foot, all the space
that you're occupying
energetically
is what ends up at the new--
it goes from where you
are to where you are.
It goes from here
to here, if that
makes sense, the whole space
plus maybe a little bit.
And none of the dirt went
with it or the roadway,
but the vehicle itself.
And you think about when
you go walking or running,
you're taking your vehicle,
you're taking all of it,
but you're not taking the
road you're walking on
or the bicycle, you
see what I mean?
>>EMERY: Randy, there have
been documented cases out there
on video and through
witnessing this, many people,
of people showing up
and leaving one area,
maybe showing up 34 miles away
or maybe even 2000 miles away.
Is this a similar--
>>RANDY: Yes.
I think it happens more than
people maybe are aware of.
I think it's probably
certainly rare.
But again, you can
go find information
once you start looking at it.
It's not time travel.
It's translating from
here to there without time
or without space, or certainly
less space is the way I use it.
And I think it's
something that you
can look at everything from
Stonehenge to wherever and go,
well, if there was a purpose
in doing this, what was it?
And if a portal
was something that
was what they were
trying to achieve,
then they were trying to achieve
it was stone age materials.
And now we go to
modern day science,
and there's no reason to
think that they haven't tried
to produce the same effects.
>>EMERY: Are you aware of the
government or corporations
making, or replicating,
or reverse-engineering
natural portals?
>>RANDY: No, I mean,
the whole phenomena
of "Stargate," that movie
is kind of based on that.
Only, you know, the
one we walked through,
there's nothing there.
There's no physicality to it.
And I think that would
be one of the things we'd
say is that, if I'm here
and go from here to here,
there's no physicality
between the two.
And in our minds in humanity,
we go from point to point,
we go from, remember
some progression.
And in this case,
there's no progression.
>>EMERY: Well, how does your
clothing that you're wearing,
and maybe your watch and wallet,
how does that travel with you?
Because you're
consciously intending
to be somewhere, but the
material aspects of you the
stuff that you have
around you are also--
are they part of that intention?
>>RANDY: You have an
information field.
Everybody does.
But one of the things is,
that information field
contains a lot of data.
If you think about memory,
you think about this, that,
and the other, it contains
all your connections
to everybody you've ever
known, your entire lineage,
everybody who's ever
been part of your DNA.
I mean this goes on forever.
So the information
density of a human
is phenomenal, much greater than
almost anything else out there.
And so when you
think about, I am
going to go from
here to here, what
all are you taking with you?
And then, we would go, well, how
much space does that encompass?
And so from that standpoint
alone, we could say, well,
some people may be taking
nine foot bubble with them
each time they take a
step down the street,
each time they ride a bicycle,
or a 10 foot or a 3 foot.
It's all different for
everybody, subjective.
>>EMERY: And could
be more specific,
such as, if I see just
you and through my brain,
and interpreting the energy
of just you and just me.
And you have these clothes on.
I have these clothes on.
And we're in a vehicle.
It doesn't always
have to be a large--
because I don't
want people thinking
it's this perfect sphere.
And everything in the
sphere goes because it's
what I can interpret as energy.
>>RANDY: Right.
Well, the problem with
this, and the problem why
it's probably never
been discussed in public
is there's aspects.
And that's probably one of
the qualities of doing this
that there's something about the
quality of the translation that
includes your car.
And this is what the doctor--
physicist friend of mine,
he had a big problem on that.
And I said, I don't have to
follow laws of thermodynamics
if I'm not in this universe.
And so now, here we
go again, is there
some sort of other way
of looking at this?
And really, that is
all that's required.
People say, what's
the technique?
It's just another way of looking
at how time and space work
or how you move
from here to there.
And I learned part of this
early on in martial arts
after I got to a certain point.
And that is that you
can manipulate, right?
And throughout our history,
all the spiritual techniques,
all the spiritual
centers, all the artifacts
we see all them were--
everybody in the world is
practicing some form of this,
right?
We look at technology and, you
know, Machu Picchu, and look
at technology in
Egypt and Mesoamerica
and go, somebody
was moving around.
And then they go, well, there
wouldn't any reed boats.
Well, maybe they
weren't using boats.
And then, everybody goes, oh,
no, no, you can't do that.
And any time they say you can't
do that, they should maybe
come to our laboratory.
>>EMERY: Yeah, they should.
I think it's a thought
process, an added thought
process, that I had put in
place so I could go there.
And it's like folders, you
know, and I'm talking up
the consciousness part.
>>RANDY: Right.
>>EMERY: And when I have
that thought process
and lead it into consciousness,
I open that pathway,
like you said.
>>RANDY: Right.
>>EMERY: And I could see
all the different things now
I can do through that pathway.
>>RANDY: Yes, because
there's a lot more to this.
I mean, conservation of energy,
the amount of gas we use.
But it's just something-- what
I do is, if I decide to do it,
like I say, I'm running late
or want to get somewhere,
I just like--
it's like flipping a switch.
Or I access that folder.
And there's not necessarily
an immediate effect.
It's just that somewhere
between here and Dallas--
>>EMERY: It changes.
>>RANDY: --I've lost 100 miles.
I mean, lost it, didn't go
there, didn't something.
>>EMERY: Well, excellent, Randy.
Thank you so much for
coming on the show today.
>>RANDY: You're welcome, Emery.
This was great fun.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith, and
this is Cosmic Disclosure.
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]